Who is this? You just want to leave, right?
I am from Songwei, my sister-in-law's private sister.
I didn't ask you, who is he?
She is my identical sister.
What will you do again?
Not just any idle guy can come into my Gu family, right?
Gu Zai, I may not be able to take care of you anymore.
He said he would let me go because he was afraid of you, so don't worry.
Because I was here, he didn't dare to move here.
It's not about putting away money again, it's about letting me talk about it.
Yes, sister, he doesn’t want to be a nanny anymore.
He wants me to hand it over to you instead of him.
You applaud and feel relieved
As for the lack of millions
I will also pay it back to you for my sister.